README.md, before:

# readme-generator
  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  
  ## Description

  This project is a command-line application that generates professional README.md files. It simplifies the process of creating high-quality documentation for GitHub projects. By gathering user input and utilizing the Inquirer package, the application dynamically generates a README with sections such as Description, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, and more. It encourages collaboration and provides a clear project overview. 

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  
  - [Usage](#usage)
  
  - [License](#license)

  - [How to Contribute](#Contribute)

  - [Tests](#tests)

  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:

    npm i inquirer@8.2.4

  ## Usage

    To use this command-line application, navigate to the project directory and run node index.js. Answer a series of prompts about your project, including its title, description, installation, usage, contribution guidelines, and more. After providing the necessary information, the application will generate a professional README.md file tailored to your project. This file can be used to document your project on GitHub. Refer to the walkthrough video for a visual guide on how to use the application and view the generated README.

  ## License  

  This project is licensed under the MIT License.

  For more informations, please visit: [License Link](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## How to Contribute

    Contributions to this project are welcome and greatly appreciated. If you would like to contribute, please follow these guidelines. You can start by forking the repository and creating a new branch for your contributions. Before making any changes, it is recommended to review the existing code and documentation to ensure your contributions align with the project's goals. Once you have made your changes, submit a pull request explaining the purpose and impact of your contributions. Your pull request will be reviewed, and feedback or suggestions may be provided. By contributing to this project, you help improve its functionality, reliability, and overall quality. Thank you for considering contributing!

  ## Tests

    To run tests, run the following command:

    npm test

  ## Questions

    If you have any questions about the repository, open an issue or contact me directly at jalzu1007@gmail.com. You can find more of my projects at https://github.com/jalzu1007

Commit message:

Added video link to README

README.md, after:

# readme-generator
  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  
  ## Description

  This project is a command-line application that generates professional README.md files. It simplifies the process of creating high-quality documentation for GitHub projects. By gathering user input and utilizing the Inquirer package, the application dynamically generates a README with sections such as Description, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, and more. It encourages collaboration and provides a clear project overview. 

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  
  - [Usage](#usage)
  
  - [License](#license)

  - [How to Contribute](#Contribute)

  - [Tests](#tests)

  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:

    npm i inquirer@8.2.4

  ## Usage

    To use this command-line application, navigate to the project directory and run node index.js. Answer a series of prompts about your project, including its title, description, installation, usage, contribution guidelines, and more. After providing the necessary information, the application will generate a professional README.md file tailored to your project. This file can be used to document your project on GitHub. Refer to the walkthrough video for a visual guide on how to use the application and view the generated README.

  Screen-share video link of the readme-generator application:

  [readme-generator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSXGZpiKwKw)

  ## License  

  This project is licensed under the MIT License.

  For more informations, please visit: [License Link](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## How to Contribute

    Contributions to this project are welcome and greatly appreciated. If you would like to contribute, please follow these guidelines. You can start by forking the repository and creating a new branch for your contributions. Before making any changes, it is recommended to review the existing code and documentation to ensure your contributions align with the project's goals. Once you have made your changes, submit a pull request explaining the purpose and impact of your contributions. Your pull request will be reviewed, and feedback or suggestions may be provided. By contributing to this project, you help improve its functionality, reliability, and overall quality. Thank you for considering contributing!

  ## Tests

    To run tests, run the following command:

    npm test

  ## Questions

    If you have any questions about the repository, open an issue or contact me directly at jalzu1007@gmail.com. You can find more of my projects at https://github.com/jalzu1007
